c:\users\goliqnet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SecurityDemo\SecurityDemo\bin\SecurityDemo.dll.config
c:\users\goliqnet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SecurityDemo\SecurityDemo\bin\SecurityDemo.dll
c:\users\goliqnet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SecurityDemo\SecurityDemo\bin\SecurityDemo.pdb
c:\users\goliqnet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SecurityDemo\SecurityDemo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\goliqnet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SecurityDemo\SecurityDemo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\goliqnet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SecurityDemo\SecurityDemo\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\goliqnet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SecurityDemo\SecurityDemo\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\goliqnet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SecurityDemo\SecurityDemo\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\goliqnet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SecurityDemo\SecurityDemo\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\goliqnet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SecurityDemo\SecurityDemo\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\goliqnet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SecurityDemo\SecurityDemo\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\goliqnet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SecurityDemo\SecurityDemo\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\goliqnet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SecurityDemo\SecurityDemo\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\goliqnet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SecurityDemo\SecurityDemo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\goliqnet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SecurityDemo\SecurityDemo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\goliqnet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SecurityDemo\SecurityDemo\obj\Debug\SecurityDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\goliqnet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SecurityDemo\SecurityDemo\obj\Debug\SecurityDemo.dll
c:\users\goliqnet\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SecurityDemo\SecurityDemo\obj\Debug\SecurityDemo.pdb
C:\Users\GoliqNet\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SecurityDemo\SecurityDemo\bin\AntiXssLibrary.dll
C:\Users\GoliqNet\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SecurityDemo\SecurityDemo\bin\HtmlSanitizationLibrary.dll
C:\Users\GoliqNet\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SecurityDemo\SecurityDemo\bin\AntiXssLibrary.xml
C:\Users\GoliqNet\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\SecurityDemo\SecurityDemo\bin\HtmlSanitizationLibrary.xml
